# CS330-OpenGL-3D-Scene
## How do I approach designing software?
This OpenGL project particularly emphasizes my approach to designing software as a highly iterative process. This project reinforces the need to adapt and evolve the software design as functionality requirements expand. Throughout the project, I frequently refactored the design to enhance the readability, maintainability, and reusability of the code while also abstracting complex details from the main functions. Another aspect of the design process is conducting the necessary research before implementation on the necessary technologies such as the graphics pipeline, OpenGL, and its various libraries such as GLAD, GLEW, GLFW, and glm. These tactics are universally applicable across future software development projects.

## How do I approach developing programs?
My approach to the development of the OpenGL project involved meticulous testing. I tested the program after implementing any change, such as a minor adjustment, feature addition, or bug fix. This ensures that each change behaves as intended and does not introduce new bugs or errors. This project was segmented into "milestones," allowing me to improve the code and develop distinct functionalities with each iteration, from adding basic shapes to new features such as camera movement controls, textures, and dynamic lighting. This makes the development process more manageable and allows each feature to become fully functional before moving on. As the code evolved, I could transition from just "getting the code to work" to focusing on making the code more efficient and readable. 

## How can computer science help me in reaching my goals?
The foundational skills developed through computer science develop my future educational and professional aspirations. Learning computational graphics and visualizations deepens on my understanding of software development processes and teaches me new complex design patterns. Specifically, I was introduced to processes like the graphics pipeline, emphasizing how the software interacts with hardware such as the GPU. Understanding this layer of computer science provides knowledge and skills invaluable in future careers. My iterative development, problem-solving, and computational graphics skills have been further developed by this project.
